Just One Show: The Lost Tapes
GOOD OLD MITCH STRIKES AGAIN
I may not be on *Cabeleira ao Trono*.
But I can say that I've discovered a new band.
I had no idea...
that Musculoso had
a volleyball scholarship!
Yeah. cool!
Is that what they took from my story?
It all started
when Starla broke up with me.
I thought I had it all.
The only thing
I was missing was a purpose.
I spent the whole year slacking off
and hanging out at the mall.
I had no idea that everything was going to go wrong.
Time to make a surprise visit
to Starla's workplace.
Hi. where's Starla? She's my girlfriend.
She was his girlfriend.
Huh? Huh? Huh?
MUSCULAR
Starla? Honey! What are you doing?
I have dreams and plans. Mitch!
You're just dragging your feet and stalling!
Sweetheart. I came to visit you.
And play arcade games.
I need to be with someone
whose life is going somewhere.
It's over.
Finish crossing it out. Janine.
Baby. please don't finish crossing it out!
No!
What am I going to do. Big Ghost?
I'm nothing without Starla.
Maybe there's a way
to show her how much she's worth.
I need to find something
I'm good at.
Is that the distinctive sound
of a perfect cut?
How will I know what I'm good at?
Hey. you!
- Hey. kid! Hey!
- What?
My name is Dan Diggs.
I think you have a natural talent for volleyball.
I'm a professional volleyball player.
Or rather. I used to be.
I'm 26 now. and I've been through a lot.
But you.
you'd be a star at beach volleyball.
Beach volleyball?
Please agree to be my partner
in the next tournament.
Yeah. I'm kind of busy trying to
prove something to my ex-girlfriend
that I can amount to something in life.
Unless you think this whole
beach volleyball thing will work.
Yes. I think so.
Then I'll do whatever it takes.
WET AND SALTY HOT DOG
Good job. kid. I knew you could do it.
I feel great.
I'm ready for anything. Right?
Steve. you're so motivated.
Starla. who is that guy?
I just met him at the beach.
He has a degree in business administration.
and owns a house in Tahiti
and he's really good at beach volleyball.
Wow!
It's my longtime rival. Dan Diggs. who
lost so badly in last year's tournament
that the soul left the body?
Steve.
He's also great at taking jabs.
It's time to make this official.
Janine!
STEVE
No!
Hey. kid. how's it going?
Come on. Steve. Let's go.
Of course. my girlfriend.
Starla. no!
You won't win her back by whining.
You'll win her back by winning.
It's time for the tournament.
A totally normal beach volleyball tournament.
I'm ready.
Wait. Didn't I tell you?
It's the Underground Beach Volleyball Tournament.
So. does that mean it's safer?
That means it's more than just dangerous.
It is a constant nightmare
where cosmic horrors thrive.
But if you win.
you'll receive a full scholarship.
If I get a
full scholarship.
It will prove that I'm doing
something with my life
and I'll be able to win Starla back.
Let's do this.
- Hot bone! I've got a hot bone!
- Cool.
A dolphin?
It's not a dolphin. It's Blake.
A little girl genetically modified
to be an absolute beast at volleyball.
What's that on his forehead?
A visor formed
from his own bones.
Don't touch me. you jerk.
Your job is to translate.
and to translate only. Do you understand?
I see.
I'm going to register our team.
Look. it's the cadet. Musculoso.
Or rather. that weird tan.
What? No!
I liked your joke.
because it's mean and true.
Muscular. Good luck before the game.
You're going to kill it.
Thanks. Fantasmão.
but they're right. I'm just a rookie.
Do you know what the best part of my day was?
When I went to pick him up at his trailer
and you didn't answer.
Because I knew you had finally
gone out to do something with your life.
Or I've lost track of time again.
Thanks. Fantasmão. You're the real deal.
A real what?
Ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the
Annual Underground Basketball Championship.
Volleyball?
Introducing the first teams of the day.
Musculoso and Diggs
vs. the Ghost Pirate Twins!
- Boo!
- Yeah. yeah.
Let the game begin!
All right. kid. Stay calm
and serve with grit and determination.
And Musculoso and Diggs advance
to the next round!
- It already is!
- Next up. Knights in a Medieval Joust!
It's another win for Musculoso and Diggs!
But will they be able to defeat
the humanoid robots?
Fire ants?
The Army of Bones?
Yes. they can!
It looks like Musculoso and Diggs
have made it to the top.
It all comes to a head
when Musculoso and Diggs
face off against Steve and Blake!
I'm laughing at you all just to mock you.
This game will be very dangerous
because it will be played on quicksand.
That's disgusting.
Don't worry. kid.
Keep moving.
Try not to dwell too much
on how your girlfriend left you for Steve.
I don't have a single thought in my head.
Typical of Blake.
What a hit!
But unfortunately. that's out of the question.
I don't know. Dan.
I think we're at a disadvantage.
No. kid.
Remember why you're doing all this.
Here. it's your turn to serve.
By Starla.
Steve and Blake score the first point!
Steve and Blake are in the lead. Will
Musculoso and Diggs be able to make a comeback?
Starla. you need to listen to me.
Is there any other way I can prove
my worth? I'll do anything for you.
For me? You should find
a purpose for yourself.
- You still don't get it.
- No?
Okay. we're back.
Listen. kid.
I know it sounds discouraging. but...
Are you okay?
Pass me the ball.
- I'm going to show you a purpose.
- What do you mean?
I'm going to show you so much purpose
that you won't know what to do with it.
Would you like a glass of water or...
It's going to be like a tsunami—on purpose.
And Musculoso scores
the second point for his team!
- Wow!
- Again.
What is my purpose?
I don't know either!
The next point wins.
All right. kid. This is it. Focus.
How can I focus
if I don't know where I'm going in life?
- Calm down. kid.
- What if I never find out?
Remember what I said at the beginning.
What if Starla never loves me again?
It looks like the stallion buckled under the pressure.
You should find
a purpose on your own.
I have a hot bone!
Serve with determination. with purpose.
purpose. purpose.
That's it!
Powerful serve on the short ball!
And that's it! Musculoso and Diggs win the case!
That's it! Yay!
I let you guys win this one.
Oh. no. I'm drowning.
Stop translating and help me.
Gargle. gasp. choke. choke.
- Coffee. coffee. coffee. coffee. coffee?
- Yes. I speak the language of coffee.
Here is your scholarship.
Full scholarship to Reino Alado University.
Your future has wings!
- Thank you.
- I'm proud of you. kid.
Yeah. bro. Let's do it again.
What? No. I'm a ghost.
My soul literally left my body.
just as Steve said.
Sorry. I thought I had understood.
A ghost?
Mitch? I'm sorry for being so harsh.
I didn't understand what he meant at first.
- But now I understand.
- You understand?
Yes. I needed to find myself.
to look within
and discover its fundamental purpose.
It's volleyball.
You really do understand.
Janine!
- Mitch. will you take me back?
- Yes. baby.
MUSCULAR
Anyway. because of Benson.
Six weeks later.
I broke my wrist and lost my volleyball bag.
But that's okay.
I learned that my true
purpose was to work at the park.
And that's worth a lot more than a
$100 volleyball bag.
A hundred dollars?
I felt bad for years because I thought
it was a complete journey.
Yes. A full trip
from the airport to campus.